release: v1.36.0 (#4358)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_span_mode.md

> ### `span_mode: spec_complient` not applied correctly ([Issue #4335](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4335))
> 
> `telemetry.instrumentation.spans.span_mode` was not being correctly applied, resulting in extra request spans that should not have been present in spec compliant mode.
> 
> In spec compliant mode the spans should have the hierarchy:
> 
> `router.supergraph.subgraph`
> 
> but were instead output as:
> 
> `request.router.supergraph.subgraph`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `span_mode: spec_compliant` not applied correctly ([Issue #4335](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4335))

Previously, `telemetry.instrumentation.spans.span_mode.spec_compliant` was not being correctly applied. This resulted in extra request spans that should not have been present in spec compliant mode, where `router.supergraph.subgraph` was incorrectly output as `request.router.supergraph.subgraph`. This has been fixed in this release.

```

Author: love this.  thank you!
